---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: default
---

<img class="profile-pic" align="right" src="./assets/profile.jpg">

## About Me

Hi! I am a third-year, Computer Science PhD student at University of Illinois
at Urbana-Champaign, advised by [Chris Fletcher](http://cwfletcher.net/). I
work on domain-specific accelerators for tensor algebra, with a focus on
exploiting data-dependent properties like sparsity, in collaboration with [Joel
Emer](http://people.csail.mit.edu/emer/) and [Michael
Pellauer](https://dblp.org/pid/22/3969.html). In the past, I have also worked
on hardware security.

Before coming to the University of Illinois, I completed my B.S. in Computer
Science from Harvey Mudd College in 2020. There, I worked with [Chris
Clark](https://www.lair.hmc.edu/chris-clark) in the [Lab for Autonomous and
Intelligent Robotics](https://www.lair.hmc.edu/). Additionally, for my senior
capstone project, I added a [numerical programming
library](https://factor.netlify.app/book/about/tensors/README.md) to the
programming language [Factor](https://factorcode.org/).

Outside of school and work, I enjoy cooking, social dancing, learning Korean, and doing the New York Times crossword.

Please feel free to reach out to me at ndnayak2 [at] illinois [dot] edu!

## Recent Publications

Jose Rodrigo Sanchez Vicarte, Pradyumna Shome, **Nandeeka Nayak**, Caroline
Trippel, Adam Morrison, David Kohlbrenner, and Christopher W. Fletcher. Opening
pandora’s box: A systematic study of new ways microarchitecture can leak
private data. In *2021 ACM/IEEE 48th Annual International Symposium on Computer
Architecture (ISCA)*, pages 347–360, 2021.

**Nandeeka Nayak**, Makoto Nara, Timmy Gambin, Zoë Wood, and Christopher M.
Clark.  Machine learning techniques for auv side-scan sonar data feature
extraction as applied to intelligent search for underwater archaeological
sites. In Genya Ishigami and Kazuya Yoshida, editors, *Field and Service
Robotics*, pages 219–233, Singapore, 2021. Springer Singapore.
